# ARJumpOver
This Privacy Policy describes our privacy policy related policies and practices, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and/or disclose personal information about you collected through our mobile apps. Please read our privacy policy carefully.  1. How does the company collect your personal information? Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone. When you use our mobile app, we will collect your personal information, such as email address and phone number, during the process of registering users. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than our special requirements.  Second, how the company uses your personal information 1, through your personal information, to send you the service information of the company's mobile app. 2. Implement password recovery through your personal information. 3. In addition to any restructuring, merger or sale of the Company, all personal information we collect may be transferred to the relevant third parties. The Company will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third parties. Unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or if the third party and the company provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the service is over, it will be prohibited from accessing all such information that it has previously been able to access.  Third, personal information security to ensure the security of your personal data is very important to us. When you register your personal data in our mobile app, we encrypt it with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). In both the data transfer and data retention phases, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewall, encryption, and data privacy legal requirements. However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% secure. Therefore, although we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable manner, there is no guarantee that the information will be absolutely secure. 4. How long will the company keep personal information? Generally speaking, the company only retains your personal information to the time required for the purpose of collection, and will comply with the data retention period stipulated by applicable laws.  5. Legal Disclaimer Legally required by law and as deemed necessary by the Company to disclose information relating to you to protect the company's statutory rights and/or comply with judicial procedures, court orders or mobile apps applicable to the company. We have the right to disclose your personal information. If the Company determines that disclosure is reasonable and necessary in order to enforce the terms and conditions of the Company or to protect our operations, we may disclose information about you.  6. Changes to this Privacy Policy If you decide to change your privacy policy, we will post these changes in this policy, on our website, and in locations we deem appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information and who can Access to this information and under what circumstances we will disclose this information. The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. In the event of a material change to this policy, the Company will notify you by notice on the website.  VII. Privacy Issues If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at bznrht@yeah.net.
